well howdy there internet people it's
beau again we got us a hot topic today
constitutional amendment banning flag
burning it's a good way to drum up the
base I guess but it seems odd to me what
is this symbolize it's a simple
what's it symbolize well the land of the
free in the home of the brave of course
the land of the free with the highest
incarceration rate in the world and the
home of the brave who is so terrified of
the other they want to cower behind a
wall not buying it try again well it
symbolizes our country ok that's a good
round of the nationalist route bring up
you know the founding fathers and all
that the problem is when the founding
fathers spoke of country they weren't
talking about the United States and I
don't mean that in some linguistic quirk
I mean it didn't exist yet when they
said country when they spoke of country
they meant the country their countryside
their neighbors the people who are so
often forgotten in conversations like
this that's who they were talking about
they didn't speak that way very often
either you know they they're pretty
bright guys they understood that when
you're trying to get a whole bunch of
people to commit treason it's not a good
idea to talk like a nationalist they
spoke of ideas they spoke of freedom and
liberty that's what they talked about
that's what stirred people to action
they made promises to the future and
created the machinery for change well it
symbolizes those promises that it should
I will give you that it certainly should
but does it
do we as a society move forward in hopes
of fulfilling those promises do we try
to make sure that well there is the
ability to pursue happiness that all men
are created equal but there's a liberty
and justice for all
or do we do everything we can to make
sure that the other is painted as well
less than equal do we turn a blind eye
to grave and justices and trying to
justify them in some manner it's
horrible what's happening to those kids
but you know they just should have done
whatever the people who want this
criminalized they're not doing anything
to fulfill those promises so I can't
believe that that's what it symbolizes
to them it symbolizes those who fought
and died for our freedom maybe at one
time maybe at one time today how do our
freedom get in Iraq Afghanistan Libya
Mali Sudan Panama Grenada how'd our
freedom get there as is evidenced by
this the only people who can take away
your freedom it's your government that's
who can take away your freedom unless
we're talking about an invasion and we
haven't been at risk of an invasion in
this country in a very very long time
we'll find they weren't you know
fighting for freedom exactly but they
were protecting the American Way of life
yes yes they were and that's what this
symbolizes today
it symbolizes the American Way of life
absolutely
it does now let's say you had a problem
with an aspect of the American Way of
life and you wanted to express your
displeasure how would you do it what
would be a good symbol to use not
violently not hurting anybody and that's
that's the ultimate AHA in this it's the
ultimate punch line those people who
would burn the American flag it has more
meaning to them than those who simply
slap a bumper sticker on their truck
they understood the promises they want
to improve the American Way of life and
this is a way to express their
displeasure they understand what it was
supposed to be and instead as our
understanding of these promises has been
whittled away those who consider
themselves Patriots they spit on those
ideas if seeing someone burn your symbol
of freedom causes you to decide that
they need to have their freedom taken
away well your symbol doesn't do any
good does it it doesn't remind you of
what it's supposed to and that's the
whole job of assemble our country if you
want to be a patriot today you have to
be working for equal rights to make sure
that all men are created equal you have
to be looking out for the downtrodden
you have to be hoping to help the
huddled masses yearning to breathe free
all of those things that make up the
American dream and are supposed to make
up the American character you have to do
that if you want to be a patriot
otherwise they're just tag lines beneath
the logo no more sacred than the logo of
GE or McDonald's if you don't act on
those promises this means nothing it
means nothing you have to act on those
promises
and the main idea of it was to make sure
that we're all men could stand under
this one day as equals that's what
that's that was the idea but today it's
a logo just like all the other logos it
doesn't really mean much at all I can't
fault somebody for burning a logo at
least to them it means something
at the end of the day if you're not
fighting to keep those promises how can
you really care about the symbol of
those promises you've got these people
up in DC who want to criminalize this
and rewrite the Constitution so they can
do it because you know they're
interested in keeping the promises and
the thing is they're spitting on the
very ideas that are supposed to be
America and what's worse is that they
know a large portion of this country who
consider themselves Patriots they lost
the plot - they're just using this to
play to the base to play to people who
think they're Patriots that's what
they're doing because they know this
isn't gonna go anywhere it's got to get
through the House the Senate and be
ratified by the states it's just to drum
up support from the people they know
don't understand this country and what
it was supposed to be
there were points in time when we worked
as a society to make sure people could
stand under this as equals the problem
is those points those high points in the
American experience they're growing
fewer and further apart meanwhile there
there's more flags than ever the person
burning this flag they didn't disgrace
it they didn't desecrate it you did when
you failed to keep the promises when you
forgot what it was supposed to be when
you turned your back on the very ideas
that this country was founded on and
it's happening all over the country and
it's being cheered on by the same people
who want to change the constitution to
protect a cloth logo
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good night